minor docs change (#93)
vyperlang/titanoboa: docs/source/test.rst

Titanoboa integrates natively with `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/>`_ and `hypothesis <https://hypothesis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart.html>`_. Nothing special is needed to enable these, as the plugins for these packages will be loaded automatically. By default, isolation is enabled for tests - that is, any changes to the EVM state inside the test case will automatically be rolled back after the test case completes.

Getting Started
-----------------------

> To begin writing your smart contract tests with pytest, it is reccomended to create a `tests/` directory to contain your tests. You will also need an `__init__.py` file (empty) within your test directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin writing your smart contract tests with pytest, it is recommended to create a `tests/` directory to contain your tests.
```

If you are interacting and testing a core set of smart contracts, you will likely want to make a `conftest.py` file to contain testing fixtures. An example is shown below

.. code-block:: python

    from typing import Any, Callable, List
    import boa
    import pytest

    @pytest.fixture(scope="session")
    def accounts() -> List[Any]:
        return [boa.env.generate_address() for _ in range(10)]

    @pytest.fixture(scope="session")
    def account(accounts) -> Any:
        return accounts[0]

    @pytest.fixture(scope="session")
    def token(account):
        with boa.env.prank(account):
            return boa.load('src/mocks/mock_erc20.vy', "Token", "TKO", 18)
..

The above `conftest.py` creates a test fixture to access both a list of different addresses you can use within your tests, and shows how to instantiate an ERC20 Vyper contract as a test fixture.

> Then make a seperate file named `test_erc20.py` within your `tests/` folder, the exact name doesn't matter, but it must start with `test_`. Within this file you can begin to write tests using the fixtures you've defined in `conftest.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then make a separate file named `test_erc20.py` within your `tests/` folder, the exact name doesn't matter, but it must start with `test_`. Within this file you can begin to write tests using the fixtures you've defined in `conftest.py`.
```

.. code-block:: python
    
    def test_metadata(token):
        assert token.name() == "Token"
        assert token.symbol() == "TKO"
        assert token.decimals() == 18
..

> Now you have successfully written your first Titanoboa test, to use a fixture, simply add its name as a parameter to a test function and it will be injected into the test. From there, you can call its functions directly, and make assertions about their values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you have successfully written your first Titanoboa test! To use a fixture, simply add its name as a parameter to a test function and it will be injected into the test. From there, you can call its functions directly, and make assertions about their values.
```

Titanoboa integrates natively with `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/>`_ and `hypothesis <https://hypothesis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart.html>`_. Nothing special is needed to enable these, as the plugins for these packages will be loaded automatically. By default, isolation is enabled for tests - that is, any changes to the EVM state inside the test case will automatically be rolled back after the test case completes.

Getting Started
-----------------------

> To begin writing your smart contract tests with pytest, it is reccomended to create a `tests/` directory to contain your tests. You will also need an `__init__.py` file (empty) within your test directory.

Reviewer: i don't think you need an `__init__.py` file

Author: AFAIK I think its needed to import fixtures from `conftest.py` but I'm not sure on this

Reviewer: oh, i don't think you are supposed to import fixtures from conftest, the fixtures are directly available as arguments to test functions

Author: Oh TIL, I guess I need to update some tests

Reviewer 2: > oh, i don't think you are supposed to import fixtures from conftest, the fixtures are directly available as arguments to test functions

But constants and other functions defined in conftest need to be imported manually. Am I right?
Also, I am compiling some examples here:
https://github.com/El-Ku/Vyper_Examples_With_TitanoBoa/tree/master/all_contracts

Reviewer: right

If you are interacting and testing a core set of smart contracts, you will likely want to make a `conftest.py` file to contain testing fixtures. An example is shown below

.. code-block:: python

    from typing import Any, Callable, List
    import boa
    import pytest

    @pytest.fixture(scope="session")
    def accounts() -> List[Any]:
        return [boa.env.generate_address() for _ in range(10)]

    @pytest.fixture(scope="session")
    def account(accounts) -> Any:
        return accounts[0]

    @pytest.fixture(scope="session")
    def token(account):
        with boa.env.prank(account):
            return boa.load('src/mocks/mock_erc20.vy', "Token", "TKO", 18)
..

> The above `conftest.py` creates a test fixutre to access both a list of different addresses you can use within your tests, and shows how to instantiate an ERC20 Vyper contract as a test fixture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above `conftest.py` creates a test fixture to access both a list of different addresses you can use within your tests, and shows how to instantiate an ERC20 Vyper contract as a test fixture.
```

> Then make a seperate file named `test_erc20.py` within your `tests/` folder, the exact name doesn't matter, but it must contain `test_*` in some form. Within this file you can begin to write tests using the fixtures you've defined in `conftest.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then make a seperate file named `test_erc20.py` within your `tests/` folder, the exact name doesn't matter, but it must start with `test_`. Within this file you can begin to write tests using the fixtures you've defined in `conftest.py`.
```

.. code-block:: python
    

>     import boa
>     import pytest
>     from tests.fixtures import token
> 

Reviewer: i think in this example none of the imports are actually needed -
```suggestion
```
